20/02/2025

Participants : Jack, Jass, Joshua, Lorcan

What happened:

Client pleased with progress
Client suggests that the code should be refactored soon to allow for future expansion
An issue with the audio input has been discussed

Tasks to complete for next sprint:

refactor code
fix audio input bug

Date of next meeting : 06/03/2025
 